Update React Native documentation to reflect change to use full ORT (#13091)
microsoft/onnxruntime: js/README.md

   yarn bootstrap
   ```

   When testing with a custom built ONNX Runtime Android package, copy `<BUILD_DIRECTORY>/aar_out/MinSizeRel/com/microsoft/onnxruntime/onnxruntime-{android|mobile}/<version>/onnxruntime-{android|mobile}-<version>.aar` into the `<ORT_ROOT>/js/react_native/e2e/android/app/libs` directory.

>    When testing with a custom built ONNX Runtime iOS package, copy `onnxruntime-{android|mobile}-c.zip` into the `<ORT_ROOT>/js/react_native/local_pods` director.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When testing with a custom built ONNX Runtime iOS package, copy `onnxruntime-[mobile-]c.zip` into the `<ORT_ROOT>/js/react_native/local_pods` directory.
```
